When I started there were no tests. With the coding challenge instructions of 'fast feedback' I first 
thought of 'Shift Left', and the testing triangle came to mind.

So unit tests first, then integration tests (including DB tests & Api tests), then UI tests.

After I created examples of most types of test, but before I created any UI tests, I paused to create the test 
case matrix (TEST CASE MATRIX.pdf) to check my impression of high level features against test coverage so far.

Really, with shift left, I should create significantly more unit tests, and integration tests, but I wanted to make 
a mark across most test types, and the gaps were so large I thought a few of each was a good start.

The test case matrix I created is a basic first draft, and this alone could be expanded on. However it illustrates
how I might fine tune test coverage and cross reference tests to features.

I created UI tests last, but I loved this part because I really wanted to have a good play with Playwright, and I 
love the Page Object Model way of working/thinking.

Lessons learnt/regrets:
- For the API tests I wish I had asserted Api success/failure with checks against the DB directly. As it stands, 
  the Api tests are asserted against other Api calls, but this is not as good as asserting against the DB. Sure,
  it will capture issues but it's not as good as it could be.

- I could have created integration tests between BlazorAdmin and PublicApi, and this is a gap in my suit of tests.
  If I had more time then I'd make a few examples of those. WebApplicationFactory<> looks like it could be good for this,
  to host the PublicApi while BlazorAdmin runs tests against it.

- I focussed on 'happy' path tests, but the suit needs more fail path tests.

- The Api tests needs parameter tests, to check for dumb paramter values etc.

- I mostly tested against the hosts running with an in-memory databases, but this is not ideal. I think I should have 
  bit the bullet and got my local hosts running with LocalDB early on. In-memory databases do not fail in the same
  way real SQL does, so it's better to use real SQL.

- Given more time I'd use Playwright to produce screenshots on failures (at least), and other diagnostic info.

